README.md, before:

# FormlessForms

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 1.6.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `-prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

changed readme, added license and changelog

README.md, after:

# Formless-Forms

> Angular component library for dynamic form creation with validation with the need of template forms.

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/formless-forms.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/formless-forms)
[![npm License](https://img.shields.io/npm/l/formless-forms.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/superman2971/formless-forms/LICENSE)

## About

Formless Forms are a small Angular components library with the objective of providing components that can be combined in any fashion to create dynamic forms with validation that do not require html template forms. Formless Forms are flexible, dynamic, and extendable across frameworks / applications.

## Demo

Here is a [demo site showing formless-form elements](https://github.com/superman2971/formless-forms) in action.

## Usage Example

Simple Examples for a few components such as the _Standard Input_:

```json
{
  "code": "./formless-forms",
  "sample": "@superman2971",
  "etc": "0.0.0",
  "FormlessForms": {
    "MakeIt": {
      "Happen": "We'll place code usage examples here"
    }
  }
}
```

## Features

* Elements
  * Standard Input Component

### TO DO

Much more still in development. Will be adding components for elements, dynamic validations and styles, and also considering adding in modals, buttons, cards, etc.
